### Article Experiment
This is a base template for displaying single news articles for use in various ENP research experiments. You can see an example of the page at https://thenewsbeat.org/trust-indicators/articles/us-demographic-shift-will-have-huge-political-impact/

### Structure
config.json is where most of the work will happen. A few constants get set there that are the basis for the study. What variation of the study you get is based on query parameters in the URL, like /?author_photo=personal&author_bio=basic. Then constants get set based on those parameters. Use the root / as the control for the study.

See config-example.json for details on how to use the config.json file.

The templating structure is manual, but simple. To create a new article, copy and paste one of the existing articles in the <code>/articles/</code> directory then rename it to the name of your article, such as <code>/my-new-article/</code>.

Then, replace the content in <code>/articles/my-new-article/data.php</code>. The variables set in data.php will get passed to the template files. <code>data.php</code> basically serves as a way to avoid setting up an actual database for each new experiment since the project is small. If you were to use this system to build an actual CMS, you'd want to use a database.

### Commenting
Comments just log to a file via Javascript, not a database. They're only submitted via AJAX through <code>/assets/js/post-with-comments.js</code>.

### Tracking
All clicks on buttons or links are tracked via Google Analytics and pass the button or link identifier, as well as which article the click came from.

### Local Set-up
We're using Gulp to compile. Run <code>npm install</code> from your project directory to install the node modules from <code>package.json</code>. Run <code>gulp</code> on the command line to serve the project up via localhost with BrowserSync.

### When Finished
Make sure to update the article-list.html file with links to all of your articles

### Hosting
Experiments are found at http://thegazettestar.com/. On WP Engine the site is called "NewsBeat" (https://study.mediaengagement.org/).

### Pull all articles to your local machine
1) In mediaengagemt.org's WP Engine account create a SFTP user for the "NewsBeat" site.
  - my.wpengine.com / NewsBeat / SFTP users
	- Make a note of your username (ex. cmestudy-name) & password
	- Also, make note of "SFTP Address" and "Port Number" above the users table.
	- [More on File Transfer Protocol](https://wpengine.com/support/sftp/?_gl=1*xsahx9*_ga*MTUyNTgyMTM0MS4xNjc2NDIwODk4*_ga_9HX6WG40N2*MTY4MTI1MDk0MS4xNi4xLjE2ODEyNTEyMzMuMC4wLjA.)
	
2) Create an empty directory that you wish to first download the contents of the remote server. Open that directory in VS Code.

3) Download the VS Code [SFTP extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Natizyskunk.sftp) for VS Code.

4) `Ctrl+Shift+P` on Windows/Linux or `Cmd+Shift+P` on Mac open command palette, run `SFTP: config` command.

5) Sync your local directory with the remote folder. Open the command palette again and choose `SFTP: Download Project`. This will download the directory shown in the `remotePath` setting in `sftp.json` to your local open directory. Example:

```json
{
    "name": "cmestudy",
    "host": "cmestudy.sftp.wpengine.com",
    "protocol": "sftp",
    "port": 2222,
    "username": "cmestudy-name",
    "remotePath": "/thenewsbeat",
    "uploadOnSave": false,
    "password": "password",
    "useTempFile": false,
    "openSsh": false
}
```

_All you need to change in the code above is the `username` and `password` values._